---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: October 11-12, 2003
author:
  display_name: houghpt
  login: houghpt
  email: ''
  url: ''
author_login: houghpt
wordpress_id: 175
wordpress_url: http://crmacd.biz/texlugsa/?p=6
date: '2003-10-11 18:06:00 -0500'
date_gmt: '2003-10-12 00:06:00 -0500'
categories:
- Events
- Notes
tags: []
comments: []
---
<p><strong>Attendees</strong></p>
<ul>
<li>TJ</li>
<li>Laura</li>
<li>Anthony</li>
<li>Christina</li>
<li>Sam</li>
<li>Ed</li>
<li>Tim</li>
<li>Lee</li>
<li>Mark</li>
<li>Pat</li>
<li>Chris</li>
</ul>
<p><strong>Overview</strong><br />
<em>Note:</em> This was copied from a posting made to the TexLUG mailing list.<br />
Dear Fellow TexLUG members,</p>
<p>After an absolutely wonderful meeting I am once again recharged about<br />
building however, I am starting to suffer from post LUG gathering<br />
withdrawal syndrome (PLGWS, after all we could always do with another<br />
acronym in the AFOL and LUG community).</p>
<p>Since I can't seems to sleep. Let me do a meeting recap.</p>
<p>Saturday, I arrived around 10ish and found the usual early birds there.<br />
Setting up in the wonderful place that Laura was able to provide for us<br />
was a breeze due to the abundance of tables (Thanks, again). The<br />
castles, pirates (all be it small), and trebuchets were all very<br />
impressive. As usual TJ brought his most recent Technic marvel... the<br />
crane. Which interestingly enough, on my way home, I saw a company<br />
transporting pieces of the same structure on I-35. It was an impressive<br />
10 miles worth of equipment. Of course at 90+ MPH anything that doesn't<br />
look like a blur of a car is impressive. :-)</p>
<p>The castle modules were very interesting. It was a great standard and I<br />
look forward to seeing more uses of it in other LUGs. It works<br />
flawlessly with sets 6040, 6041, 6073, 6074, & 6080. I did some<br />
maneuvering and decided I was going to attack the castle modules so we<br />
had Pat, Laura, and "Tony" vs little innocent me.  Thankfully Ed, Yeti, Trolls, and a Siberian Tiger came<br />
to my aid on Sunday; successfully at least in my opinion putting a stop<br />
to "Tony's" orcs.</p>
<p>Mark and I had a small table of Pirates going.</p>
<p>The newest member of TexLUG-SA, Lee, from New Braunfels showed up. He<br />
was of course like a die hard TexLUG-SA member sporting the newly<br />
designed TexLUG-SA t-shirts. He came with a very impressive collection<br />
of Harry Potter mocs. Hopefully Lee will bring them in future meetings<br />
for all to see or someone has a pic they would like to share.</p>
<p>Ed brought a very impressive Sand Crawler and a very unique collection<br />
of minifig mods. You have to see the genie!</p>
<p>Anthony brought the latest moc, along with his usually assortment of<br />
dragons. Sorry, I don't write more here put pictures speak a 1000 words<br />
and hopefully someone will post some more pics of this very impressive<br />
castle moc so one can do it proper justice.</p>
<p>Laura brought her windmill. I'm still found details I didn't notice<br />
last time I got to see it. Again, pictures are needed to do it justice.</p>
<p>Tim, brought an incredible trebuchet. I would have never guest it could<br />
be that accurate or powerful.</p>
<p>We had a great time watching bricks (coasters/limes) fly thru the air<br />
the entire gathering. The rules worked pretty well IMO. Maybe a little<br />
more clarity is needed. As well as some alternatives for a 'x-small'<br />
throwing capability class. But, I still think they went really well. It<br />
was impressive to watch the misfires, successes, bouncing bricks,<br />
falling targets, running, and screaming for dear life... (J/K but, only<br />
about the screaming).</p>
<p>We gathered for a discussion afterwords and so now an actual point to<br />
my message...</p>
<p>Yeah! I'm going to be the host for the next meeting in San Antonio<br />
sometime in March. Therefore, I need information.</p>
<p>What weekend in March would like to meet? The sooner I know the better.<br />
The weekend with the highest vote wins. I will post the results via<br />
TexLUG-SA website.  Tentative cutoff date for votes November 15, 2003.</p>
<p>As I mentioned during the meeting as of right now there is a double<br />
bed, a bunk bed, a queen size foldout couch, a queen size (usually my<br />
bed which I am willing to give up if we have a huge demand), and always<br />
floor space for sleeping bags.</p>
<p>Space for room (board to be decided) is available free of charge on a<br />
first claim, first serve basis. I almost forgot, for you adventurous<br />
types I do have a fenced backyard. So, camping outside with a tent is<br />
permitted. Please speak now or in the near future if you want a<br />
room/space. If a picture is required before accommodations are decided<br />
upon, that can be arranged. I know some people are picky about where<br />
they stay.</p>
<p>Ideas for a contest are now being accepted. I really like Laura's boat<br />
idea. I also have an idea for a sky racer type thing (a variation of<br />
CO<sup>2</sup> cars). I will post the ideas of the various contests and I will<br />
pick one... (unless someone objects to my picking one). If you have<br />
rules in mind please include those in your entree. Tentative cutoff<br />
date for ideas December 15, 2003. This is so we have plenty of time to<br />
build.</p>
<p>The theme is Town. Of course all other themes will be acceptable. We<br />
are going to attempt to accomplish two things (from what I gathered) by<br />
having this meeting. One, have display tables of our own. Two, build a<br />
train display worthy of a huge public display.<br />
Therefore, could I please have the following information?</p>
<ol>
<li>Your track counts so we can come up with a decent layout.</li>
<li>How much space you want to really build? Please <u>try</u> to keep it in multiples of 32 studs x 32 studs.</li>
</ol>
<p>In return I promise to make a display layout so you know where your<br />
going to be. I would like to have general figures by the middle of<br />
November so I can come up with a draft that everyone can criticize and<br />
we can iron out in December.</p>
<p>I am thinking about advertising starting February in the San Antonio<br />
Express News as well as calling the TV media to at least let them know<br />
about it? What is your take on this?</p>
<p>Also, I made the first of many t-shirt designs for TexLUG-SA. If your<br />
local chapter would like similar t-shirts you can order with your city<br />
please let me know. I will be getting with Anthony in the near future<br />
about an official TexLUG t-shirt.</p>
<p>We also discussed a Constitution for the club and some other display<br />
related issues.</p>
<p>Then, we broke for dinner at Trudy's. I'm only glad I stopped and asked<br />
for a table for us otherwise we would have been there all night... hey<br />
wait we were (well almost). I had a great meal and the conversations as<br />
usual were always very enlightening ("Studs on top for...") As well as<br />
a reported flying lime and coaster.</p>
<p>At this point I went and hung out with one of my college friends. While<br />
the rest of the group went to TJ's sisters place.</p>
<p>Sunday, was very nice as I arrived to the pitter patter of childrens<br />
feet. IMO it was a very decent sized steady crowd of children and<br />
parents. The media kit did wonders of keep the crowds steady over the<br />
course of the public display. We only had one train wreak which is<br />
really good considering the amount of track switching that was going on<br />
at high speeds. Sam did an excellent job of managing and supervising<br />
the free build area as well as monitoring the trains. There was an<br />
awful lot of paper and bricks flying from the trebuchets. Mark you have<br />
my sympathies as it seemed you were the target of choice. Next time<br />
might I advise that no one sit near the castles when you have people<br />
who want to lay siege to it from the other side of the room.</p>
<p>We started packing up around 1:30. And Allen(?) showed up to sell us<br />
some sets at a decent price.</p>
<p>All in all a great meeting.</p>
<p><strong>Photos</strong><br />
<a href="http://www.brickshelf.com/cgi-bin/gallery.cgi?f=59666">Anthony's Photos</a><br />
<a href="http://www.brickshelf.com/cgi-bin/gallery.cgi?f=59619">Ed's Photos</a><br />
<a href="http://www.texlug.org/fall2003/">TJ's Photos</a> and meeting wrap-up.<br />
<a href="http://www.brickshelf.com/cgi-bin/gallery.cgi?f=120315">Chris's Photos</a> taken w/ a pen camera!</p>
